[Jolyne] Hey, Ermes.
He's there.
Call a doctor.
He should've healed...
-Jolyne...
-from the snails by now.
-Emporio!
-Jolyne!
[melancholic music]
I'm sorry,
the wind has stopped.
The rainbow disappeared too.
See, Jolyne?
[gasps]
[Anastasia] In his final
few days, he was happy.
Weather had already been saved.
[sniffles]
Weather...
[sobs]
One more time...
I wanna speak with you,
just one more time.
[sniffles]
Just once more...
I wanna talk to you
in the soft breeze.
[feathers rustling]
[melancholic music]
[Jolyne] Weather Forecast...
You never gave up.
In your final moments,
you were trying to tell me
to pursue the priest.
You even took advantage
of Pale Snake's ability
to upload your stand,
Weather Forecast,
onto a disc of its own.
If I were to stick this disc
inside of my head,
would I be able
to use your abilities too?
Although, the priest
has already started
making his way toward
Cape Canaveral.
Only two more days
until the new moon.
At this point,
I don't know if
I can even take control
of the situation anymore.
I'm so lost. What do I do?
Despite the snail apocalypse
we just dealt with,
Dad's disc was given
to the Speedwagon Foundation.
My old man will regain
consciousness again,
and he'll know
what needs to be done.
[ECG beeps]
Should I wait for him or not?
But while I'm waiting for him,
the priest might perpetrate
an evil act again
in Cape Canaveral.
Oh, Dad. What should I do?
[sighs]
Please, Dad. Tell me.
If I had never gotten inside
of that car,
Weather might still
be alive right now.
No, I must go
to Cape Canaveral.
I have to take care
of the priest!
Please, Dad, give me a sign.
Just what is it
that I can do at this point?
What is it?
[breathes deeply]
[exclaims]
[Jolyne breathes heavily]
[theme music]
[Jolyne breathes deeply]
[Anastasia exclaims]
[mellow piano music]
She's so... She's so cute.
Oh, wow.
How is she so cute?
And she's even cuter sleeping
on my shoulder like that.
Jolyne...
Oh, that's right.
I'm finally
around Jolyne again.
I made a promise to myself
that, when I got out of prison
and finally caught up
to Jolyne,
that I'd tell her
how I feel about her.
I don't have
any more time to waste.
If I don't tell her now,
I won't get another chance.
Fact is, my feelings for her
are genuine.
After all,
I paid a whole fortune
to get my hands
on this ring
while I was in prison.
When she wakes
from her slumber,
all I'll ask from her is
to know and embrace
how I truly feel.
-Yo, check it!
-[exclaims]
[Ermes] You see those gators?
The alligators have come
all the way out here!
Dammit.
They think
they're so goddamn safe
'cause they're
federally protected,
but they scared the crap
out of us back in prison.
Hold on! Are you serious?
That one's massive!
Take this, asshole!
-Screw you!
-[whacks]
Hah, bullseye. Hell yeah!
[cackles]
Look at it freaking out!
I think you scared it, Jolyne.
It ain't runnin',
but it's flippin' out!
That oughta teach you lizards
not to mess with us,
you stupid, filthy animals!
No way, she didn't.
[grunts]
Jolyne!
What did you just throw?
Let me see. Sh-Show me
your hands right now!
Huh? Wait, what?
Yo, chill!
What's your deal, Anastasia?
I'm telling you to
open up your hands
and show them
to me immediately!
Hey, what the hell?
Seriously, why are you getting
so upset, Anastasia?
Did you really just throw it?
[sobs]
Please, don't tell me you did.
You didn't just throw it away!
[wailing echoes]
[Emporio] Ermes.
-Can you do a favor for me?
-Hmm?
I wanna take a look at the map
to study the area.
Can you hold on to this
for a second?
Sure.
[gasps]
[clatters]
Oh, that makes sense. When you
said "map", you meant this.
This computer's
a total fossil, though.
[clacking]
[computer beeps]
[Emporio] This is where we are,
Cape Canaveral.
At coordinates
28 degrees 24 minutes North,
and 80 degrees 36 minutes West,
it's the section of Florida
that juts out
onto the Atlantic.
It's located on a shoal
of 34,000 hectares,
where wildlife and
ancient nature still remain.
A shoal?
It's a part of land which is
the accumulation of sediment
from a river.
And this place is where
we're currently headed to...
The Space Center.
There are no trains or buses
leading to it,
and you can only get there
by driving a car.
With their devotion
to space travel,
they focus on
launching rockets,
satellites, and space shuttles
into the great unknown.
This structure right here is
the vehicle assembly building.
And that's the launching
complex and observation gantry.
Being more
than five kilometers apart
shows how big this place is.
We'll be heading
to the Visitor Center first.
All visitors who come here
must enter this way
before they can explore
the rest of the complex.
There, the visitors will
purchase tickets,
go through security checks,
and then get on the shuttle bus
for a tour.
For safety reasons,
all other areas
are off-limits to the public.
It's most likely
that the priest
made his way into the Center
by taking this route as well.
Though I still have no idea
what his true agenda here is,
he's probably going to lay low
somewhere inside
the Space Center
until the time of the new moon.
[indistinct crowd chatter]
Okay, stop right there.
For security measures,
we're limiting the number
of guests allowed in right now.
-Please, wait here
for a moment.
[man] Uh, apologies, sir.
That gentleman is with me.
One more guest
won't hurt, will it?
Uh...
[man] Come on, get in here.
[Pucchi panting]
[pants]
You would've had to wait
another 15 minutes
before they let you in.
[laughs]
So tell me, you're a pastor?
Or could you be a priest?
I try to do
one good deed a day.
It's sort of like a personal
goal I've set for myself.
Are you sightseeing?
You know, it's just...
I'm curious
why a man of God like you
is interested
in all this space stuff.
Because if you ask me,
you look a little out of place.
Well, actually,
it kind of makes sense, right?
God and space
are sort of similar, you know?
And who can say,
maybe God is actually an alien?
Uh, that's just a little joke.
Did I offend?
[chuckles]
Are you expecting me to humor
these ridiculous questions
with an answer?
Eh?
[Father Pucci] You did your
good deed for the day.
Isn't that enough?
If this is your idea of killing
time, go do it somewhere else.
It's not like I was
in such a hurry
that I could not have waited
another measly 15 minutes,
you know.
[eerie music]
Huh?
[clears throat]
[breathes heavily]
[voice-over] The trickiest part
of launching a spacecraft\
into outer space
is the unpredictable problem
of gravity.
When launching a rocket,
even the slightest variation
in gravitational pull
can make a difference.
That is why,
when building a launchpad,
it is most effective
to construct it
near the earth's equator.
-[monitor beeps]
Because of the centrifugal
force of the Earth's rotation,
the gravitational pull
at the equator
is weaker than at the poles.
[voice-over]
Perhaps Olympic high-divers
might be able to achieve
a better record
when they're near the equator.
Something's off. I feel odd.
[voice-over] On top of that,
here in Cape Canaveral,
the sea level offshore
is quite distinct.
Typically, sea level is marked
zero meters above sea level.
However, scientific studies
in recent years have shown
that sea levels
often vary by location.
Let's take the Maldives of
the Indian Ocean for example.
Research shows that
sea level offshore
is close to 100 meters
below sea level.
On the other hand,
it's about 30 meters above
sea level near the Sea of Japan.
And offshore,
here in Cape Canaveral,
it's about 50 meters
above sea level.
In other words, gravity isn't
the same everywhere on Earth,
and it can be said
that gravity is weak,
-here in Cape Canaveral.
-[wheezing]
[voice-over] Also, depending on
the current phase of the moon,
sea level can rise as high
as 100 meters above sea level.
[gurgling]
[voice-over]
It is for this reason
that Cape Canaveral is
one of the most
optimal locations on Earth
to launch rockets into space.
[Father Pucci groans]
[drink splashes]
[splats]
Huh, what was that?
Hm?
[shudders]
-[gurgling]
-[man] Huh?
[man] Uh...
-[gurgling]
-[yelps]
[grunts, chokes]
What the hell?
[blood splatters]
[air whooshes]
What the...? Where's my drink?
[grandiose music]
[blood trinking]
[blood splatters]
♪ Jojo... ♪
-[car whooshes]
-[water splats]
[ethereal music]
Huh?
[Emporio] So, Jolyne.
What are you planning to do?
Are we waiting for
the Speedwagon Foundation
and your dad to arrive?
Or would you rather
drop that plan
and keep pursuing
the priest...
by ourselves?
[Jolyne sighs deeply]
Well...
Of course, we're still going
after the priest.
Sorry to say this,
but we don't even know
if your father's going
to make it.
That might be two days
from now.
I'm sure the priest's wounds
from his fight with Weather
haven't healed yet either,
and he's out of allies.
This is our chance.
The only thing
we know for sure
is that if we don't
finish him now,
it's going to be the end
for all of us!
-[rumbles]
-[Emporio grunts]
[tires squeak]
[exclaims]
-[Emporio grunts nervously]
-[tires squeaking]
What the hell, Emporio?
Why are you driving so weird?
Stop all that fidgeting!
Don't you know
we can't park the car here?
No, it's not like that!
[grunts]
Hey! I'm telling ya
to move the damn car.
You do realize
we stole this, right?
And every last one of us
is still wanted
for breaking out of prison,
remember?
Plus, we've got a kid
in the driver's seat.
No, you've got it all wrong.
Something's going on
with the car!
What is it?
Don't know,
but it's stalling now!
-[engine whirrs]
-[tires squeak]
[truck scrapes]
[inaudible shouts, cries]
[grunts nervously]
Ermes,
you should drive instead.
-[birds shrill]
-[tree rumbles]
[gasps]
[clattering]
What...? Hey!
[suspenseful music]
[road cracks]
Yo, what the hell?
What's going on?
[gasps]
[suspenseful music builds]
[all gasp]
[exclaiming]
[Ermes screams]
[Anastasia] No way!
[yelps]
It's gonna hit us!
[smashes]
[music stops]
[shatters]
[screams]
The fuck?
[grunts]
The cars!
Why does this crazy shit
keep happening to us?
What blew up? Was there
an accident or something?
Emporio, get it in gear!
Start the car already!
[pedal clicks]
I-I can't!
It isn't moving at all!
I think the road is collapsing!
You're wrong.
It's not the road.
There's nothing wrong with it.
The guardrail's still
standing too,
and there's no wind
blowing it away either!
Huh?
[yelps in fright]
[gasps]
[Ermes] You might be wondering
what the hell I'm doing right
about now, Jolyne, but I...
I think I'm stuck,
hanging on to this car!
This is bad, Jolyne.
G-Get out of the car!
It's not safe in there!
We're all gonna have to bail!
[tires screech]
If we don't hurry up and make a
move, we're gonna keep falling!
We're not falling down.
We're falling backwards!
Did you say that we're falling?
[Ermes] All the other cars were
falling backward behind us.
It's almost like
this road is a cliff!
The car's starting to shake
all over the place.
And the front tires are already
lifting off of the ground!
Now move it, like I said,
and get out of the car!
[Jolyne] No, this can't be!
Is this the priest's
new ability?
It's not even the new moon yet.
That's impossible!
The force of the pull
just keeps getting stronger,
and we're starting
to fall sideways!
Get out, you guys!
Hurry, bail
before the car flips over!
-[Ermes grunts]
-[others gasp]
[Anastasia]
We're not falling downward.
We're falling parallel
to the ground.
But how far
are we going to fall?
-[clicks]
-[yelps]
-[screams]
-[Ermes grunts]
Jolyne! Here, you grab hold
of Emporio!
-[screams]
-[Jolyne grunts]
[grunts]
Diver Drive!
[suspenseful music climaxes]
[Ermes grunts]
[groans in pain]
[Jolyne gasps]
Ermes!
Stone Ocean!
Where did you go, Ermes?
How far are you going to fall?
[Emporio]
We're starting to slide!
If we don't do something fast,
we're gonna crash
into the rubble!
[Anastasia] Jolyne,
you gotta forget about Ermes.
If she's not dead,
she'll catch up to us.
Yeah, but she...
[thwipping]
The priest is still
somewhere up ahead.
Are you saying
we should go back
instead of pursuing him
like we promised?
You've done everything you can!
Jolyne, your body is going
to crack under the pressure!
[trees rumble]
[screams]
[screaming continues]
[vehicles smash]
[Jolyne]
This must be it, isn't it?
[grunts]
[ground rumbles]
We're falling sideways?
I just don't get how we can
fall parallel to the ground!
Isn't gravity supposed to
keep you planted
on the Earth's surface?
This is exactly what the priest
was waiting for.
I knew my old man sealed away
some sort of ability
in Egypt 20 years ago,
but this is insane!
This must be the "heaven" the
priest has been searching for!
[exclaims]
-[leaves rustle]
-[tree cracks]
[Anastasia] There are some
plants that aren't uprooting.
It looks like
the Visitor Center building
hasn't fully collapsed yet.
Hey. Wait a minute, Jolyne.
You just called this "heaven,"
didn't you?
But I don't think that's it.
This is just the beginning.
I've got a bad feeling...
this is only gonna get
a whole lot worse from here.
Because if the priest has
been waiting for the new moon,
and the moon
is what affects
the Earth's gravitational force,
we still gotta make it
through 36 more hours of this.
Listen, Jolyne,
the priest got pretty messed up
during his fight with Weather.
I saw it myself.
He's got some serious wounds.
This is our chance
to kill the bastard
while we've got him cornered.
If we just keep climbing up
this guardrail,
we can make it
to the Visitor Center.
The priest is headed
that way, isn't he?
He is. Up north.
You'll do it, Jolyne.
[Jolyne grunts]
[tense music]
Yeah. Of course,
I've already made up my mind.
[exclaims]
[Anastasia] Yes, that's it.
It's those eyes, Jolyne.
That expression when you look
into the distance.
Whenever I see you like this,
my heart is set ablaze.
Emporio, let's go.
Yeah, sure.
[tense music]
[Anastasia]
I can read your heart clearly.
You're filled with
an intense determination
to kill the priest,
and yet, it seems that
you still yearn
for your father
to come save you.
But what you don't see
is that I can protect you
better than Weather
or Jotaro ever could.
Sooner or later,
you're going to realize
that you want me to be the one
holding you in my arms
when this is all over.
[clattering]
[Father Pucci] At the beginning
of everything...
[grunts]
...there was gravity.
Even this round Earth
of ours...
...was brought into reality
with gravity.
[objects scrape, clatter]
[crashes]
With its gravitational pull,
the Earth continues to
revolve around the Sun!
The question that
still remains is,
where on Earth am I headed now?
What is going to happen next?
Within my body and spirit
lies the existence of gravity,
and it shall also exist
at the end of the world!
[wind howls]
[woman 1 sobbing]
-Somebody!
-[grunts]
Help! Can someone help us?
What the hell
is even going on right now?
-[shrieks]
-Why is this happening to us?
[woman 2 yelps]
Is someone there?
Anyone, help us!
-[thwips]
-[women sobbing]
[action music]
[grunts]
Anybody!
That doesn't look
too serious to me.
We can let it slide.
The phone isn't working.
No signal.
Why not?
[Emporio] I have no idea.
I guess it could be that it got
broken in the wreck somehow.
Or maybe it has something to do
with the strange gravity.
I don't know.
Anyways, I wonder
what's going on
everywhere else in the world.
I mean, do you think
that a rescue team will
possibly show up?
Looks like we made it
to the box offices, Jolyne.
And over there is our entrance.
The only way to get
into the Visitor Center.
Jolyne, are you sure the priest
is still in this direction?
[suspenseful music]
He's close, yeah.
I can sense him right here.
[menacing music]
It almost feels like he was
just standing in this spot.
[heavy footsteps]
[zips]
What the...?!
[yelps]
[stomps]
-[Jolyne grunts]
-[Anastasia, Emporio gasp]
This damn guy... Could it be?
Is it really him? But why?
[Anastasia gasps]
[Jolyne] Is it Pale Snake?
N-No, it looks more
like the Green Baby!
This is the priest's Stand?
Is it in a new form?
Hey, what's going on now?
-[crashes]
-[Jolyne gasps]
[whirrs, howls]
-[banging]
-[gasps]
[shatters]
[both gasp]
Jolyne, no!
[blood spattering]
[screams]
Something fucked up is
happening to my right hand!
[squelches]
[Stand] I've come
to eliminate you for good
since you couldn't wait
two more days.
[gasps]
[Jolyne breathes heavily]
[music climaxes]
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]